example: FIPS mode on Windows (#3529)
signalfx/splunk-otel-go: example/README.md

```sh
CGO_ENABLED=1 GOEXPERIMENT=boringcrypto go run .
```

### FIPS mode - Windows

> [!NOTE]
> Microsoft maitains [a fork of Go](https://github.com/microsoft/go)
> that can be used to build applications

> > which are likely to be FIPS 140-2 compliant.

Reviewer: Why is there uncertainty here? Is it not clearly stated to be FIPS 140-2 compliant?

> > Microsoft maitains [a fork of Go](https://github.com/microsoft/go)
> > that can be used to build applications
> > which are likely to be FIPS 140-2 compliant.

Author: ```suggestion
> Microsoft maintains [a fork of Go](https://github.com/microsoft/go)
> that is configurable to use a FIPS 140-2 compliant cryptography.
> All Go applications running on Windows and intended to be
> FIPS 140-2 compliant, need to be built using this.
```
